Make integration-tests/pipelines for function controller (#7233)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/function-controller/README.md

# Function Controller Integration Tests

## Overview

> The project is a test scenario for the Function Controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project is a test scenario for the Function Controller. It creates a sample lambda, exposes it using an API Rule, and sends `GET` requests to the lambda to check if it is accessible from the cluster and outside the cluster.
```

   ```bash
   k edit testdefinitions.testing.kyma-project.io -n kyma-system function-controller
   ```

4. Run the integration test. The command creates a test suite with a name in a form of `test-{ID}`. Run:

   ```bash
   kyma test run function-controller
   ```

5. Get the test result using this command:

   ```bash
   k logs -n kyma-system oct-tp-test-{ID}-function-controller-0 tests
   ```

### Build a production version

To build the production Docker image, run this command:

```bash
make build-image
```

### Environment variables

Use the following environment variables to configure the application:

| Name                                  | Required | Default                    | Description                                                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------- | -------- | -------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **APP_KUBECONFIG_PATH**               | No       | None                       | The path to the `kubeconfig` file needed for running an application outside of the cluster. If not supplied in-cluster, config will be used. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_KUBECONFIG_PATH**               | No       | None                       | The path to the `kubeconfig` file needed for running an application outside of the cluster. If not supplied, the tests use the cluster configuration. |
```

| **APP_TEST_WAIT_TIMEOUT**             | No       | `5m`                       | The period of time for which the application waits for the resources to meet defined conditions                                             |
| **APP_TEST_NAMESPACE**                | No       | `serverless`               | The name of the Namespace used during integration tests                                                                                     |
| **APP_TEST_FUNCTION_NAME**            | No       | `test-function`            | The name of the Function created and deleted during integration tests                                                                       |

> | **APP_TEST_APIRULE_NAME**             | No       | `test-apirule`             | The name of the APIRule created and deleted during integration tests                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_TEST_APIRULE_NAME**             | No       | `test-apirule`             | The name of the API Rule created and deleted during integration tests                                                                        |
```

| **APP_TEST_DOMAIN_NAME**              | No       | `test-function`            | The name of domain used in APIRule CR                                                                                                       |
| **APP_TEST_INGRESS_HOST**             | No       | `kyma.local`               | The Ingress host address                                                                                                                    |

> | **APP_TEST_DOMAIN_PORT**              | No       | `80`                       | The port of domain                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_TEST_DOMAIN_PORT**              | No       | `80`                       | The domain's port                                                                                                                         |
```

# Function Controller Integration Tests

## Overview

> The project is a test scenario for the Function Controller. It creates a sample lambda, exposes it using an API Rule, and sends `GET` requests to the lambda to check if it is accessible from the cluster and outside the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project is a test scenario for the Function Controller. It creates a sample lambda, exposes it using an API Rule, and sends `GET` requests to the lambda to check if it is accessible from the cluster and outside of the cluster.
```

| **APP_TEST_FUNCTION_NAME**              | No       | `test-function`            | The name of the Function created and deleted during integration tests                                                                                 |
| **APP_TEST_APIRULE_NAME**               | No       | `test-apirule`             | The name of the API Rule created and deleted during integration tests                                                                                 |
| **APP_TEST_DOMAIN_NAME**                | No       | `test-function`            | The domain name used in the APIRule CR                                                                                                                |
| **APP_TEST_INGRESS_HOST**               | No       | `kyma.local`               | The Ingress host address                                                                                                                              |
| **APP_TEST_DOMAIN_PORT**                | No       | `80`                       | The port of the Service exposed by the API Rule in a given domain                                                                                     |

> | **APP_TEST_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY**       | No       | `true`                     | Controls whether tests use verification of the server's certificate and the host name for reaching The Function                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_TEST_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY**       | No       | `true`                     | The flag that controls whether tests use verification of the server's certificate and the host name to reach The Function                                       |
```

> | **APP_TEST_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY**       | No       | `true`                     | The flag that controls whether tests use verification of the server's certificate and the host name to reach The Function                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_TEST_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY**       | No       | `true`                     | The flag that controls whether tests use verification of the server's certificate and the host name to reach the Function                                       |
```
